Hey everyone.
In this section we're going to be going
over where to find our Fastboot protocol.
>> So let's go right into our screen.
So currently I am in my home directory,
and
I'm gonna change to
the directory of my Android SDK.
So that's conveniently located at
development, Android, and then SDK.
Now, here from the SDK you want to
go to your platform-tools, here, and
a quick LS will show us that
Fastboot is located right here.
As you can see, ADB and
Fastboot are within the same location.
>> So, whenever you download Android SEK,
ADB and Fastboot come bundled with it.
So it's a really nice little package to
have instead of having to hunt down ADB
and Fastboot.
So, in the next session we'll go ahead and
actually give you a few commands that
are going to be commonly used when you're
flashing files onto the Dragon Board.